Bump artifact dependencies if `CODEQL_ACTION_ARTIFACT_V4_UPGRADE` enabled (#2482)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add support for using `actions/download-artifact@v4` to programmatically consume CodeQL Action debug artifacts. Customers who use `actions/download-artifact` should set the `CODEQL_ACTION_ARTIFACT_V4_UPGRADE` environment variable to true and bump `actions/download-artifact@v3` to `actions/download-artifact@v4` to avoid breakage. All customers, except those running on GitHub Enterprise Server, will be opted-in to this change in early November. [#2482](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2482)
>     - This is because `actions/upload-artifact@v3` and `actions/download-artifact@v3` will be deprecated at the end of November. See [GitHub Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2024-04-16-deprecation-notice-v3-of-the-artifact-actions/).
>     - This change is currently unavailable for GitHub Enterprise Server customers, as `actions/upload-artifact@v4` and `actions/download-artifact@v4` are not yet compatible on GHES. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for using `actions/download-artifact@v4` to programmatically consume CodeQL Action debug artifacts. 

  Starting November 30, 2024, GitHub.com customers will [no longer be able to use `actions/download-artifact@v3`](https://github.blog/changelog/2024-04-16-deprecation-notice-v3-of-the-artifact-actions/). Therefore, to avoid breakage, customers who programmatically download the CodeQL Action debug artifacts should set the `CODEQL_ACTION_ARTIFACT_V4_UPGRADE` environment variable to `true` and bump `actions/download-artifact@v3` to `actions/download-artifact@v4` in their workflows.
  
  This change is currently unavailable for GitHub Enterprise Server customers, as `actions/upload-artifact@v4` and `actions/download-artifact@v4` are not yet compatible with GHES. 
```

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add support for `@actions/artifact@v2` for uploading debug artifacts, for customers not running on GitHub Enterprise Server. [#2482](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2482)

Reviewer: I would lead with compatibility with the `actions/download-artifact@v4` Action.  The npm package is comparatively less well known and it's confusing that the version number is different.

Author: Sounds good — reworked the changenote with your comment here and below!

  - Only workflows that use `actions/download-artifact` to programmatically download the CodeQL Action debug artifacts will be affected: with the legacy artifact client, only `actions/download-artifact@v3` will be compatible. With the upgraded artifact client, only `actions/download-artifact@v4` will be compatible.

>   - To opt in to the upgraded artifact client, set the `CODEQL_ACTION_ARTIFACT_UPGRADE` environment variable to true and bump to `actions/download-artifact@v4`. 

Reviewer: I would be stronger here — if users are programmatically consuming artifacts, we recommend they set this environment variable to true and bump to `actions/download-artifact@v4` to avoid breakage when v4 becomes the default.

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add support for using `actions/download-artifact@v4` to programmatically consume CodeQL Action debug artifacts. Customers who use `actions/download-artifact` should set the `CODEQL_ACTION_ARTIFACT_UPGRADE` environment variable to true and bump `actions/download-artifact@v3` to `actions/download-artifact@v4` to avoid breakage. All customers, except those running on GitHub Enterprise Server, will be opted-in to this change in early November. [#2482](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2482)

Reviewer: I think this environment variable changed.  Also should the environment variable also mention "v4" so we're mentioning v4 everywhere?

Author: Thanks for catching! I updated all the references to `v4` as you suggested, and just commented why we're using `v4` when it looks like a `v2` import in the code comments.

>   - This is because `actions/upload-artifact@v3` and `actions/download-artifact@v3` will be deprecated at the end of November. See [GitHub Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2024-04-16-deprecation-notice-v3-of-the-artifact-actions/).
>   - This change is currently unavailable for GitHub Enterprise Server customers, as the compatible npm `@actions/artifact@v2` used to upload the artifacts is not yet supported on GHES. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: markdown requires 4 spaces for indenting.

```suggestion
    - This is because `actions/upload-artifact@v3` and `actions/download-artifact@v3` will be deprecated at the end of November. See [GitHub Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2024-04-16-deprecation-notice-v3-of-the-artifact-actions/).
    - This change is currently unavailable for GitHub Enterprise Server customers, as the compatible npm `@actions/artifact@v2` used to upload the artifacts is not yet supported on GHES. 
```

>     - This change is currently unavailable for GitHub Enterprise Server customers, as the compatible npm `@actions/artifact@v2` used to upload the artifacts is not yet supported on GHES. 

Reviewer: Perhaps instead say `actions/download-artifact@v4` is not yet compatible with GHES, again so we're mentioning v4 everywhere.

Author: Good idea 👍
